BOLIKE Raw QOTAO KY THI TRUNG HOC PHO THONG QUOC GIA NAM 2020
Hugi lo Bai thi: NGOAI NGU; Mén thi: TIENG ANH

thoi gian phat dé

Thai gian lam bai: 60 phiit, khong

Mark the letter A, B, C, or D on your answer sheet to indicate the word whose underlined part
differs from the other three in pronunciation in each of the following questions.

Question 1: A. attends B. appears C. accepts D. complains
Question 2: A. light Bari C. mile D. gift

Mark the letter A, B, C, or D on your answer sheet to indicate the word that differs from the other
three in the position of primary stress in each of the following questions.

Question 3: A. respect B. marry C. depend D. predict
Question 4: A. fantastic B. powerful C. sensitive D. personal

Mark the letter A, B, C, or D on your answer sheet to indicate the correct answer to each of the

following questions.
‘Question 5: The view is great,
A. isn'tit B. was, C. doesn’t it D. did it
Question 6: Mark hopes a small part in the school play.
~ ~~ Be getting C. get D. got
just one year younger, I would be eligible for the scholarship.
R will he © would he 1) were

Question 8: His health has improved a lot since he doing regular exercise.

A. starts B. started Chas started D. had started
Question 9: Parents shouldn’t use physical punishment it negatively influences children’s
development.

‘A. because of B. although C. because D. in spite of
Question 10: We'll send you an email of confirmation

‘A.after we had made our final decision _B. before we made our final decision

C. while we were making our final decision D. as soon as we have made our final decision
Question 11: You should book advance because the restaurant is very popular in the area.

A.on B.by C. with Dain
Question 12: Tommy is on the way to his friend’s birthday party, carrying a gift box
colourful paper.

A. were nicely wrapped B. having wrapped nicely
C. nicely wrapped D. nicely wrapping
Question 13: Many twelfth graders find it hard to what university to apply to.
A. decide B. decision C. decisive D. decisively
Question 14: He is disappointed at not winning the competition, but he will soon it,
A. take after B. get over C. look after D. go over
Question 15: The government has every effort to stop the rapid spread of COVID-19.
‘A.done B. made C. created D. brought
Question 16: Making chicken soup is not difficult; it’s just a matter of following the __
A. ingredients B. design C. spices D. recipe
Question 17: After his miraculous recovery from the stroke, the man spent the ___of his life
travelling and doing charity work.
‘A. remainder B. abundance C. legacy D. excess
Question 18: Despite our careful planning, the whole surprise party was a of accidents.
A. volume B. verse C. chapter D. page

Trang US

